


ASIA PACIFIC UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION

CT050-3-2-WAPP - WEB APPLICATIONS

GROUP ASSIGNMENT


LEARNING OUTCOMES

At the end of this assignment, you should be able to:

No.
Learning Outcome 
Assessment Component
1
Develop a web application that is connected to a well-designed database by using server and client-side scripting language based on the current web standards. (C6, PLO2)
Group Assignment (Web-based System) 
2
Explain the design and solution which provide a systematic way to develop web applications. (A3, PLO5)
Group Assignment (Documentation)

ASSIGNMENT BRIEF

As one of the members of a Web Application Development Team that consists of 3 or 4 students, you are assigned to design and develop a complete Web-based Learning System.

The objective is to create a website that will serve as a platform for registered and non-registered users looking for digital learning resources, which refer to digital resources such as web applications that engage students in learning activities and support students' learning goals. Online learning activities include but are not limited to synchronous and asynchronous online discussions, online self-assessments, virtual labs, simulations, problem-solving, and interactive learning objects.

The website must demonstrate database connectivity, client/ server processing, and good usage of multimedia elements. The team will entirely determine the website’s title, scope, and contents. You are expected to apply good interface design principles and a fully functional navigation feature. The usage of a website template that suits the web application theme is allowed in this assignment.

REQUIREMENTS

The website must fulfill the following criteria, i.e., it should:

Consist of interlinked webpages. 
Contain proper examples of appropriate usage of the HTML5 elements.
Demonstrate Cascading Stylesheet (CSS) usages, this may be by providing:
External CSS
Internal CSS
Inline style
Combination of the above
Provide good quality content.
Demonstrate database connectivity to perform at least all the following operations:
Insert new records
Display records
Update/ modify records
Delete records
Contain a registration page for new members.
Contain registered member modules (require a valid login) to manage their activities.
Contain administrator module (require a valid login) to manage the website content and database.
Perform form validation.
Provide appropriate navigation support.
Perform proper file organization and naming convention.

Note: The usage of web page creation tools is permitted.




















DOCUMENTATION

PROPOSAL REPORT

Submission dateline: Week 7

Groups are required to submit a proposal report which consists of the following:
Website Title
Objectives
Mission Statement
Audience Modelling
Project Scope

FINAL REPORT 

The documentation should include the following:

Format:
Type face: Times New Roman. Boldface, italics &amp; lines can be used for emphasizing and to enhance readability.
Font size: 12(except titles and headings).
Spacing: 1.5 lines between texts of a paragraph.
Alignment: justify.
Headers and footers can be used.
Numbered. 
Binding: APU standard for Level 2
Cover page, your cover page should contain the following items
Group Member’s Name and ID.
Intake code.
Subject.
Project Title.
Date Assigned (the date the report was handed out).
Date Completed (the date the report is due to be handed in).
APU logo


Recommended Content
Table of Contents
The table of contents should have the topic title and reference page number attached to each topic.
Introduction/ Project Plan
This section introduces your project including the objectives, scopes, and project schedule.
Requirement Specification
This section defines the audience modeling, use cases, flow charts, and major functions of the web.  
Design and Modeling
Provide Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD), Wireframes for major layouts of the web pages, and Website Navigational Structure. All components must be provided along with appropriate descriptions.
Implementation
Provide a detailed explanation of the source codes of the major web application features. This includes CSS for web page styling, form validation, and SQL queries for database connectivity.

User Guidance
Screenshots of the web pages with an appropriate description. 
Conclusions (summary, lesson learned, and future enhancements)
References
Appendix
Proposal Report

Note: Full source code should not be included in the documentation.

FINAL REPORT SUBMISSION
The complete Web site and report are to be submitted in Moodle.
+++--

